Week 1:
We grouped up and created our jira site during the tutorial. I decided to be the scrum master.
We settled on P22 as our project.

Week 2:
This week we spent a lot of time thinking about how we should structure our app, and brainstormed
some possible novel features. We also selected languages based on the team's skills (React, Python, Postgresql etc.).
We have selected a team lead and are currently arranging a meeting with our client before we begin our proposal.

Week 3:
We worked on our proposal. I was in charge of the background information and storyboard. Used Involve and
Volaby as examples of other systems in our problem domain. I created the storyboard using figma. We completed
and submitted our proposal on friday.

Week 4:
We have started coding up our project. Jay and I are progressing on the frontend. Krishnan, Jon, and Josh are 
working on the backend. We have combined firebase's authentication module with our frontend, so that users can 
register their accounts, and login or logout.

Week 5:
Worked more on our project. We combined our frontend and backend to get ready for the demo. After the demo, we 
held a retrospective meeting where we discussed what went well, what didn't go well, and what to try for the next
sprint so that we can improve our workflow. We condensed this into a report and submitted it.

Week 6:
We finished some user stories (delete account, create conference, search for conference, join conference). I added an
applications page to each conference so that organisers can approve join requests. Also, forums and posts can be seen
for each conference, and users can make posts.

Week 7:
This week I fixed some issues with forums and posts. I also added the function to promote volunteers to managers on the
frontend. Also, users can now create and view tasks on the frontend.

Week 8:
Completed task functionality, so volunteers can join or leave tasks, and managers can assign or unassign volunteers 
from a task. Also, prepared for demo.

Week 9:
Implemented event functionality in frontend. Brainstormed and planned how we should continue with sprint 3 features
such as attendance, feedback, ratings etc.

Week 10:
Implemented attendance and feedback functions into frontend. Completed our demo, final report, peer reviews.
